Add documentation for smart contract upgradeability (#638)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/guides/upgradeable-contract.rst

.. _guide-upgradable-contract:

===========================
Make a contract upgradeable
===========================

This guide will show how to make a Rust smart contract upgradeable.

> Immutable smart contracts comes with the drawback that bugs cannot be fixed, new features and cost optimizations cannot be implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Immutable smart contracts come with the drawback that bugs cannot be fixed, new features and cost optimizations cannot be implemented.
```

For some decentralized applications this is a problem and these need some way to upgrade the smart contract code.

.. note::
   A common way to workaround immutability, seen on other blockchains, is to have an additinal smart contract acting as a proxy, forwarding calls to the actual smart contract.
   Upgrading is then updating the proxy to forward the calls to another smart contract.

>    Unfortunately, this will introduce an extra cost on every contract call and add an additional layer of complexity to the contract code.

Author: I have added a bit more

Concordium smart contract instances have the option to upgrade their smart contract module by calling the ``upgrade`` function with a reference to a new smart contract module to use.
If successful, new invocations to the upgraded smart contract instance will use the new smart contract module.

.. seealso::

   To learn more about upgradeability of smart contracts see :ref:`contract-instance-upgradeability`.

Owner can upgrade
=================

The code below will add an ``upgrade`` endpoint to a smart contract, which allows the smart contract owner to trigger a smart contract upgrade.
The parameter for this endpoint takes the new module reference and optionally a name of an entrypoint with parameter to invoke in the upgraded smart contract instance.

Providing the optional entrypoint can be used for triggering a migration function in the new module.

> This has the benefit of being in the same transaction as the upgrade itself, making the transaction reject reverting the upgrade if the migration failed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This has the benefit of being in the same transaction as the upgrade itself, making the transaction revert the upgrade if the migration fails.
```

.. code-block:: rust

   /// The parameter type for the contract function `upgrade`.
   /// Takes the new module and optionally a migration function to call in the new
   /// module after the upgrade.
   #[derive(Debug, Serialize)]
   struct UpgradeParams {
       /// The new module reference.
       module:  ModuleReference,
       /// Migration function in the new module.

>        migrate: Option<(OwnedEntrypointName, Vec<u8>)>,

Reviewer: Don't you want to use the `OwnedParameter` type here?

Reviewer: Or is that not avialable in concordium-std?

Author: it is available
